just keep sanding just keep sanding it's
a little Finding Nemo hey did you see
the new MIMO t-shirts it's just like
this one only they're white and it says
MIMO I have one on order myself I
haven't gotten it yet because I just
ordered it this morning but here's what
it looks like on a guy from Google
Images but if you'd like a MIMO shirt
they're available now at the woods shop
Bay along with a whole bunch of other
woodworking t-shirts hey you know what
the most common question was I got about
this project it really had nothing to do
with the project it was all about the
button that's in my kitchen the
mysterious button next to where I had
yeah what does that mysterious button do
I don't know if I should tell you or if
I should just keep it a mystery or yeah
okay I'll tell ya it's a it used to be a
button that opened our garage door we
first moved here we had an old garage
door it was an old wood one it would go
like this it was one of those kind and
was all falling apart and stuff but I
don't know why what would be the purpose
of having a button inside the house to
open the garage door but we got the new
one shortly after we moved here and then
there's the panel on the outside that I
can put in my secret code to get into
the garage also had questions about the
milk paint and no this is only one coat
of milk paint now you could do it in a
lot of different ways you can mix up
milk paint thicker thinner however you
like I wanted it to be cold more of like
a whitewash a really thin down version
so that it acted more like a stain than
anything but you can put on several
coats of this it's often used for like
that crackle effect in pain just Google
milk paint and I think there's like one
main company that sells milk paint but
you can buy it at Amazon too they
probably get it from from that same
company but it's fun it's fun to use and
the neat thing about milk paint is it
sticks to just about anything we had our
cabinet in our master bathroom we wanted
to change them out because they were all
just faded and just kind of icky and
they were oak cabinets with like a
polyurethane finish over them and I
thought about taking them off sanding
him down refinishing and
I thought well you know what I can do is
you just scuff it up and apply milk
paint to it and it's really cool because
then the the grain of the wood still
shows through and yet you have this
really nice
I used that same milk paint that reddish
kind of barn red color and a little bit
goes a long way with that stuff so it's
pretty cool I mean I've been wanting to
use that milk paint on a project for a
long time and I've run tons and tons of
tests on so many different projects and
it just hasn't looked right so finally I
found a project that it seemed to mesh
with have you pre-ordered your blu-ray
disc of frozen yet I have comes out on
Tuesday I obsess over these things and I
just love frozen oh but if you want to
see something really really funny check
out honest trailers version of frozen oh
my god it is so funny but I'll put the
link down below I'll put all the links
down below and I obsess over music -
lately I've been obsessed with holding
on for life by broken bells I just love
that song so much and it's just such an
ear worm and it just I keep singing it
over and over and over in the video is
just really really awesome it sounds
really cool the two guys are in the band
and they they do kind of a falsetto that
it sounds a lot like the Bee Gees and so
it's kind of a throwback sound with a
lot of modern electronic sound Tuesday
really liked it I just came back in from
outside it was filling up my pond
outside and it's having a pond is easy
to take care of it doesn't require a lot
of work except once a year I like to
kind of clean out clean it out there's a
lot of debris leaves and stuff that get
down in there and that's a lot of work
once a year and I like to repot all of
the plants I'll show you a little bit of
what I did first I cleared back some of
the overgrowth in the back there I just
kind of anymore I just let whatever
wants to grow grow back there it's
mainly weeds but I don't mind them the
worst part of the blackberry vines that
just seemed to grow like crazy from our
neighbor's yard I like to pull those up
because they just don't actually grow
into the pond so I like to pull those up
and then I just toss them back into the
neighbor's yard this row over here is a
bog that I drained the pond water into
the bog is just a deep area where I've
got plastic down about three feet deep
and it just sort of sort of stays wet
all the time hey remember my artichoke
plant
it grows really really good in the
winter but for some reason he just seems
to die out in the summer I've never
gotten any artichokes off of it here's a
quick shot of my curvy fence and gate
that I made with some bender board I
like having a lack of straight lines in
my yard and would I when I planted this
palm tree it was about five feet tall
and here you can see the bog again in
the pond which is still draining
everything you see here I built I built
these the stone steps and that's a
waterfall there on the right
then if you look closely you can see my
pallet wood wheelbarrow up on top here
I'm cleaning out some debris I have to
check carefully that I don't scoop up
any baby fish and I could fill it all
back up I've got a dedicated hose that I
use for that you can see here that the
pond has a deep part and then it has a
shallow ledge that the plants sit on
but it's pretty cool I mean those
goldfish we bought the goldfish when
they were real tiny and now they're big
years they let they live forever gold
fishes don't die and I don't have to
feed any of the fish in there I never
feed them it's its own ecosystem in
there with the algae growing and if you
have algae in a pond that's a good sign
that it's a healthy system so I don't I
never have to feed the fish they just
grow and there's lots of baby fish that
show up in their wood working in America
just announced its dates well maybe they
already had the dates announced its
September 12th through 14th I think
maybe they just announced that the
registration you can register for it now
so I'd love to know if any of you are
going there because I'm gonna go and I'd
love to meet all of you it'd be fun if
we could get a whole bunch of us
together and just you know go out to
dinner someplace there's I'll just take
over a whole a whole restaurant a whole
bunch of Nemo's so it'd be cool to have
kind of a meet-up there with with all of
you I'd like to meet as many of you as
possible there and I think that'd be a
good thing it's out in North Carolina
I've never been to North Carolina so I'm
kind of looking forward to seeing what
that's all about I hope you all enjoyed
the near mini this week that's what I
finally decided on a lot of people
suggested mere MIDI and I think that's
right because I've got mere minutes and
then mere mini I'll have those
periodically I'm not sure if I'll do one
a week or not for right now I've got a
few of them all lined up this week is
gonna be on my finishing technique with
lacquer I hope you're all enjoying your
weekend and I hope it's nice and warm
where you are but it is beautiful here
it really it feels like summer we just
skipped spring went right to summer so
I'll see you guys next week